1. Building zync and its libraries
----------------------------------
In order to build the zync application and it's required libraries all one
should have to do is the following command under their user account (This
should be from the root of the project directory):

$ make

2. Installing zync and its libraries
------------------------------------
To install zync and it's required libraries all one must do is the following
command as root (from the root of the projects directory).

# make install

3. Configuring zync
-------------------
Note: The I recomend installing zync-gui and using it to configure and run
zync. However, if you do not want to install zync-gui or are on a command line
only box and can't install zync-gui then follow the directions below.

The zync configuration file should exist within your home directory. It is a
file called .zync.conf. If you have not created a zync configuration file
before then I suggest copying the example.zync.conf found in the
zync-x.x.x/conf/ directory to .zync.conf in your home directory.

Once the file is in your home directory you need to edit it in a text editor
to fit your needs. The first option which needs to be set is the
"todo_plugin_path" option (without quotes in config file). This option needs
to contain the full path to the Todo plugin you would like to use for
synchronization.

todo_plugin_path=/usr/local/lib/zync/plugins/todo/KOrgTodoPlugin.so

The second option that may need changing is the "conflict_winner" option
(without quotes in config file). This option is used to specify how conflicts
are handled. There are three acceptable values.
zaurus - This value means that if there is a conflict the Zaurus should win.
desktop - This value means that if there is a conflict the desktop should win.
both - This value means that if there is a conflict the items are duplicated.

conflict_winner=both

The third option that may need to be changed is the "zaurus_ip" option. This
option is used to specify the ip address of the Zaurus so that it does not
have to be specified on the command line all the time.

zaurus_ip=192.168.129.201

The fourth option that may need to be set is the "passcode" option. This
option is used to specify the passcode of the Zaurus. This option only needs
to exist if a passcode is set on the Zaurus.

passcode=8294

4. Using zync
-------------
Simply execute the zync command as follows and a usage message will be
displayed explaining how to use it.

$ zync -h